The Team: Cloud Technology Services (CTS) is responsible for looking after Citi’s Cloud programme across Public and Private Cloud. It has several new and exciting programmes utilising cutting edge cloud and container technologies, with a view to ensuring that our offerings are best in class and enable our wider business lines and clients alike. The job: This role sits within the newly formed GenAI Security team, which is responsible for ensuring, maintaining, and improving the security of our GenAi Prompt security capabilities within the firm. You will be responsible for engineering solutions that strengthen and broaden our security capabilities in an environment that is changing daily whilst also working with vendor products to achieve the same aims.  You will have the opportunity to partner with key Engineering teams, alongside Operations and Site Reliability Engineering. Effective capabilities that combine security and engineering excellence are key to success. What the role covers: •  Designing, developing, optimizing, and enhancing a GenAI prompt security platform to protect firm AI/LLM-based applications from adversarial attacks and prompt injections. •  Building and automating a security testing framework to validate protection mechanisms for various LLM use cases. •  Owning solutions that are expected to operate and perform at scale across the organisation. •  Collaboration with multiple stakeholders and partners across Engineering and Operations as well as partner teams within the wider Citi organisation, across different time zones. Job Skills/ Qualifications: •  Highly motivated self-starter with excellent interpersonal and problem-solving skills •  Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience •  Good oral and written communication skills •  Significant relevant industry work experience •  Experience of the full lifecycle of design, implementation and running of enterprise software solutions involving cross functional team collaboration •  Expertise in a major programming language such as Python and/or Go, and associated tooling (Git, Maven, IDEs, Jenkins, Bitbucket etc) •  Expertise in designing and implementing secure APIs and libraries. •  Experience in Generative AI, LLM frameworks, LLM prompt engineering and/or adversarial testing is a bonus. •  Experience with Cyber engineering and Operations, which could include DevSecOps or MLSecOps. •  Experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability, scaling) of new and current systems •  Experience in containerized deployment (Kubernetes, OpenShift etc). •  Expertise with DevOps, CI/CD and agile methodology 